docs: concepts updates for v0.9 (#1047)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/nightly/en/user-guide/concepts/why-greptimedb.md

# Why GreptimeDB

GreptimeDB is a cloud-native, distributed and open source time series database, it's designed to process, store and analyze vast amounts of metrics, logs & events data (also Traces in plan).

It's highly efficient at handling hybrid processing workloads which involve both time-series and real-time analysis, while providing users with great experience.

To gain insight into the motivations that led to the development of GreptimeDB, we recommend reading our blog posts titled ["This Time, for Real"](https://greptime.com/blogs/2022-11-15-this-time-for-real) and ["Unifying Logs and Metrics"](https://greptime.com/blogs/2024-06-25-logs-and-metrics).

> In this document, we delve into the reasons behind Greptime's high performance and some highlighted features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In these documents, we delve into the reasons behind Greptime's high performance and some highlighted features.
```

## Unified metrics, logs and events

> Through the model design of [time series tables](./data-model), native support for SQL, and the hybrid workload brought by the storage-computation separation architecture, GreptimeDB can handle metrics, logs, and events together, enhance the coloration analysis between different time series data and simplify the architecture, deployment and APIs for users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Through the model design of [time series tables](./data-model), native support for SQL, and the hybrid workload brought by the storage-computation separation architecture, GreptimeDB can handle metrics, logs, and events together, enhance the correlation analysis between different time series data and simplify the architecture, deployment and APIs for users.
```
